{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh12640\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 nb_updates: 0,    Smooth loss: 110.4699\
 \
GKU2?\'bc(QnwlrWxjLPvAQ:KbQH K\
YadORYeZ1;'Oc\'bc?)UmFCWP;c\'c3o,x\uc0\u128 gpld\'a2Zc\'a2sWLT,DAzYLsQt-dYmErouB pQROERQ3V9nWs.Cm?vT\u128 N'bXZ!UIm;Xs:oWjlIAd,Tk2jiE\'c3RReTbzX;d4KGj7V\'a2;	Qa72YLBu1z3un4T6Rc\'a2 7VbGEP\'c3c!Uc\'c3XN?T\u128 zf7aPpkvH\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 10000,    Smooth loss: 57.7249\
 \
"furter?"Yy.\
Eflasly. Chy IEgbit en.  Ootid hu stpast sEan of Ilys ant .\
 as, br ast avom wumare save of insued ong. Emarker herrli? yeerir on, a gre ent Bo on det woonke bastry.\
IRon mas wasA shob he\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 20000,    Smooth loss: 54.8373\
 \
ly whe?"\
"Yount to nourid hartest sKiiry on iugry I sper le erowe'm of the they alog in, Morcs the wnter's dack oned beaws alot Harr, wan hivew ighing Kould orivey, Heeit as Ssuniu wad'ng abfery ofsud\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 30000,    Smooth loss: 52.3032\
 \
osg or wage.\
"I damese Call the wagheed bespone spr the as wilr, youproade correrected wam ous bownt watce Tap a wathlanlet atllame dose laartorestde shides wuremed iirgteskerely merffireer nede, he g\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 40000,    Smooth loss: 50.3543\
 \
d, -We, mack, toerich - here nore clith them eby the in  nonger though hail not, the Velyed the toit. . . . thing stiiin waeds indont"""sen trofe him, mitherrer cunged ceashlust saict beractyn insaen \
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 50000,    Smooth loss: 51.2345\
 \
tting readl temed bedes.  Ceacod.\
Lupa il!uy'ly Qug; sOwhelranvergans.\
"Oh notill sayand,""Treagh.  Thet he.e kevet Weid ho, un heask a th thased wapm.\
"Wontcl preday of he heining maghers migh of Ron\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 60000,    Smooth loss: 49.26\
 \
ons.\
"Wey Rlory I the," Herurse jut, veat Harry. IKHeir on.  He cess of they wFuped and's, - sey inger.\
"That, to the rasione.\
Hey ovean's?"\
Itape and we ok yery fent divered I arfy idgon's fays unfiy\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 70000,    Smooth loss: 48.6291\
 \
' indus grich he have ard. the gave looking milk," said R'ver trase and barry, the she in slumademo ay a and lougce was senb peating that her.  I astiepel to, age, you'py wa vand a codroull what and w\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 80000,    Smooth loss: 46.6443\
 \
r qundwane, cor Cror snen to I leoker weoky hamper of coonow arof.  Harry the and him of It but and sopedep coun, was wately, to bowgoun she there, seofuse was and slige shoubtered then porlookling ha\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 90000,    Smooth loss: 46.8747\
 \
r-furd, nong a ryow id; for at kore\
	They and thepe all 	A scog hidg, and visset imen youm, lise kazarn cod rumblend, lut the Clfare be -.. unter hersitere upcue to with what trot ay werking, hagce th\
-----------------------------------\
 \
nb_updates: 100000,    Smooth loss: 48.1035\
 \
s in . . wiid prawich had mouldow herwtwaver'ly, cro were who offy a jeteene Gredow thoun antarning, yen the would sing, yould morey, irmaminty conts as tides though in of the sen, rurtsre of Harry, a\
-----------------------------------\
 \
Best smooth loss = 45.5681\
 \
ETY'TAde aned to to ins.  Dudt to up," said Durnen wis earing you a memize my thry his demew ear firile gecordore, Gore.  SWen ine rees," he cour quint, Hand.  I   The.h so and hae.  He me hen in torve ry you sond over it exlit out Hald Harry at it?" Peatdark I Loldaching shavont at plamblo i towing undouglled you he gark thim was show unsine making furigell to more out.  Mupibldoatter the cundwe to Harry the a might, you filfer so ooris wizab uid Hismew migetrims him ast reco, the wimpal it a liee, warms poby, whice grake bltoughtay.\
"I bulling elf dope imripp as wit my but fookiwne.\
"You and trime on," saed here hit to clavel, the soodd teid Dhe cut foardapape have illyy was lang bolded the Dumoring of have warred the seid Heed dobod Skof was und yeice I meemine of of bighight meriture "Onlue the cobld gryod nound rumbratinicloat ity Harry nlighibling him ome mutdned - onfirfimy, smelrolied the I alf tave grtorkus wond pou under and and this to adather oll to ve magitingurdamedly gil\
>> size(book_data,2)}